This module is the second stage boot loader for the
HybridSky.com DAQ board, version 1.0.

This module is loaded at location 0x800.  Control is transfered
here after the first stage boot loader determins that no USB
boot is required.

This module contains 2 externally callable entry points.

   sd_init()
	This routine initializes the SD memory card and verifies
	correct operation.  It does not return unless it is
	successful.  If it fails it blinks an error code on
	the LED display.

   sd_read()
	This routine reads a sector (512 bytes) from the
	indicated location on SD into the buffer.  No return
	on error.


ERROR CODES
	1: could not init the SD card
	2: could not read the SD card
	3: could not find boot file
	4: boot file format error

The green LED blinks once per block read during boot loading.
If no boot loading is required, the green LED is flashed
once anyway.

EPROM usage

See eprommap.h for details.  The file names to boot are
stored here.

SD usage.

The SD is assumed to be a fat32 formatted SD, no bigger than
2GB in size.

The boot files must be stored in the root directory.  The boot
file names are stored in canonicalized format.	Mode2com is
responsible for placing them there in the correct format.

BOOT Linkage:
This program makes no use of the first stage (USB) boot.
The code there is too tightly linked into the USB framework.

BOOT file format.

Each boot file consists of a number of 512 byte records.
If the first byte of the record is zero then this record is an
EOF record.  Otherwise, the first byte is the number of bytes
of program memory that will be loaded.	The count is unsigned
allowing up to 255 bytes of data per 512 byte record.

The next two bytes of the record are the address in program
memory.

There are potentially a lot of unused bytes in the records.

There is no way to initialize data memory or configuration memory.


PROGRAM STRUCTURE

main.c defines includes all necessary includes, defines the
hardware config and handles linkages.  All of the code
is included from main.c
