This directory contains the data capture program.

It runs in the DAQ 1.0 board.

Functional specification:

The program has these phases:

 0)  Initialize.  The bootstrap blinks the count (3) on the green LED.
     The program then sets both LEDs on for about 1 second.

 1)  Analyze the file system.  Find the location to put the data.
     Set the last modified time of the file to the current time.

     During this phase the green LED is on.

 2a) Erase the dataset.
 2b) Reprogram the non-erased portions

     First, check if needed.  If no other programs have run
     since the last time this process was done, and if we never
     captured data the last time we ran, skip this phase.

     Sweep through the entire memory.  Ignore any page that
     is already erased.  Either reprogram or erase all others,
     as needed.

     Green LED blinks every 256 pages. This is about 1Hz when
     erasing or reprograming, and much, much faster when skipping
     already erased pages.


 3a) Wait for the record/stop switch.   Green LED flashes at just
     under 1HZ.  External LED is off.

 3b) Wait for the trigger condition.  During this time the ADC
     is running.  Trigger condition is either a signal on either raw
     input, or seeing more than 10 PSI on the pressure sensor.
     Trigger seeing either trigger condition for 9 out of ten
     consecutive samples (1 ms).  During this time the base level
     code is continuously polling the TOD clock.

     Green LED is continuously on.

     External LED is flashing slowly.  However, if either OPTO is
     on, then external is ON.

 4a) Write the header of the file, including time stamp.
 4b) Data run, gather data, write to dataflash.
     Green LED is blinking rapidly.  ~10Hz.  External LED runs at
     1/4 the frequency of the green with a 25% duty cycle.
     However, if iether OPTO is on, then external is ON.

 5) Finish up.  Either record-stop switch was turned off, or 
    ran out of space.  If record-stop switch was turned off, write
    the EOF record.

    Green LED is blinking 0.1 second on, 1.3 seconds off.  If the
    recording terminated by EOF then the red LED also blinks at the
    frequency and half the duty cycle.

    External LED is off.


STILL TO DO:
 * set the last modified date on the file.


MODIFIED:
This code now generates two programs, run and erase.
Run is generated with -DNOERASE, and erase is generated with -DERASE.
Step 2a/b becomes verify the atmel is ready.

The run program cannot erase the atmel flash.  The erase program does
only that.

Running the data capture program without erasing the flash causes a halt
with only the RED LED own.
